---
layout: post
title: Welcome
---

### This site is a Wiki of useful information & tips for Postgraduate Researchers and RA's in the Swansea University Computer Science Department. 

It is run and maintained by the research group, for the research group. 

### Quick Links:

* [CS-Swansea Github Organization]()
* [Using the Xeon Phi rack]()
* [Using the 3D Printer]()
* ...

### CS-Swansea FAQ:

#### Why this site?

> Anyone who's been in the department for more than a week will have heard a thousand or so times from everyone about the mythical `CS-Wiki on CS-Svr1`... But how do you log onto CS-Svr1, and why should you go through all the hassle?
>
> And so the myth continues on for another generation of researchers. Maybe one day we'll embark on an expedition to find original `CS-Wiki`, if it still exists, and learn from what the ancient CS Researchers of yesteryear have to teach us.

#### Where can I store my lunch? 

> We have a large kitchen on the South end of the 4th floor lab with a fridge and plenty of cupboard space. 
> There is also (I'm told) a small kitchen on the 5th floor if you're working upstairs.

#### I need a desk, a computer, a chair, a finished and printed thesis so I can jump 3 years ahead; who should I talk to?

> Well for most of those things [Dr. Arnold Beckmann](mailto:a.beckmann@swansea.ac.uk) (our lab supervisor) is the person to talk to. Drop him an email or pop down to 3rd floor and try to catch him in his office.
>
> It may also, however, be a good idea to talk to your research supervisor first to make sure they haven't made (or were planning to make) any special arangements for you such as a more powerful computer for graphics or a larger/multiple monitors.

<p class="message">
	It's worth noting that if things are going to take a few days to be delivered or setup for you, your fellow researches in the labs are a friendly bunch. If you're in dire need of this or that we can probably sort you out at least temporarily. :)
</p>

#### I have my computer, but what about some tools and software?

> The university is a part of a programme with Microsoft called [DreamSpark](http://e5.onthehub.com/WebStore/ProductsByMajorVersionList.aspx?ws=03824815-ecfc-e111-bd05-f04da23e67f6&vsro=8&JSEnabled=1) which allows us to download and licence almost all of Microsofts software for non-comercial purposes. 
>
> This includes everything from IDE's like the latest version of **Visual Studio 2013 Unlimited**, operating systems ranging from **Windows XP** to **Windows 8.1**, and management tools such as **Microsoft Project** and **Visio**.
>
> If you don't have login details for DreamSpark contact our deparment IT Team.

#### I need a software licence for my work and it wasn't on Dreamspark?

>  Contact our department IT Team and they can help you with any software the department licenses.

<p class="message">
	As of January, 2014 the University has a campus wide licence for Matlab.
</p>